https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/nerdtree
https://github.com/ryanoasis/vim-devicons /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-devicons
https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-airline
https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline-themes /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-airline-themes
https://github.com/voldikss/vim-floaterm /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-floaterm
https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/goyo.vim
https://github.com/junegunn/limelight.vim /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/limelight.vim
https://github.com/rakr/vim-one /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-one
https://github.com/kevinhwang91/rnvimr /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/rnvimr
https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-startify
https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-which-key
https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-surround
https://github.com/tpope/vim-commentary /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-commentary
https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-fugitive
https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-gitgutter
https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-repeat
https://github.com/christoomey/vim-system-copy /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-system-copy
https://github.com/chiel92/vim-autoformat /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-autoformat
https://github.com/junegunn/fzf /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/fzf
https://github.com/junegunn/fzf.vim /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/fzf.vim
https://github.com/mileszs/ack.vim /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/ack.vim
https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/coc.nvim
https://github.com/sheerun/vim-polyglot /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-polyglot
https://github.com/fatih/vim-go /Users/hedonhermdev/.local/share/nvim/site/vim-go
